---
title: Projects
---

# Data Science Projects.

As part of the course deliverables, you will have to create your own data science project. Don't worry, I'll give you some code to get started! Choose between these:


### Project – Data Science Movie Recommendation System Project in R

Have you ever been on an online streaming platform like Netflix, Amazon Prime? Recommendation Systems are capable of learning your watching patterns and providing you  with relevant suggestions. In this project with R, I can teach you to build your own recommendation system.

[Click here for the Recommender System Project source code](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1wGzHgJ7K8mtlxi4FYLC01sdTOm8naygg)\
[Click here for the Recommender System Project solutions. Try do it on your own first!](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1oTzjTFzoJF_mTh_2wOZAntA4lf-ZisxX)

<br>

### Project in R – Uber Data Analysis Project

In this project we can analyze the Uber Pickups in a New York City dataset. This is more of a data visualization project that will guide you towards using the `ggplot2` library for understanding the data and for developing an intuition for understanding the customers who avail the trips.

[Click here for the Uber Data Analysis Project source code]\
[Click here for the Uber Data Analysis project solutions. Try do it on your own first!](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1_RQTckFGfnokEnTshYiqA4bJMUvQOf0B)

<br>

### Project – How to Detect Credit Card Fraud

In this project, we can learn how to perform fraud detection of credit cards. We can go through the various algorithms like Decision Trees, Logistic Regression, Artificial Neural Networks and finally, Gradient Boosting Classifier. For carrying out the credit card fraud detection, we can make use of the Card Transactions dataset that contains a mix of fraud as well as non-fraudulent transactions.

<br>


## Too challenging? Not an area you are interested in? We can find something easier or more interesting for you to try out and add to your portfolio. [Drop me a message about it](graciela.carrillo@kaplan.com)


